feat(#11302): publish helm charts (#11310)
medic/medic-webapp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/z_release_major.md

Reviewer: The path to scripts/build/helm should no longer be required as a part of this PR. Test this and update this step in other releases as well.

```suggestion
  - [ ] Use helm to upgrade the instance: `helm upgrade demo-cht --namespace demo-cht -f values.yaml`
```

Author: per above, let's leave these steps in place for now and come back and do a holistic update of all helm once this PR is live

Reviewer: AFAIK, this PR enables us to do the release without manually editing values.yaml right? If so, remove this process from all releasees readme.

Author: Yes, we have a lot of streamlining to do in our docs once the helm charts are live.  For now though, I'd like to just publish them and not update any of the docs until we've validated it all works as expected.  Let's leave this as is (for now!)

Reviewer: If you don't document the process now and merge this script, does existing process work as is?

  - [ ] Use [this script](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/scripts/release-notes/index.js) to export the issues into our release note format.
  - [ ] Collect known migration steps, descriptions, screenshots, videos, data, and anything else to help communicate particularly important changes. This information should already be on the issue, but if not, prompt the change author to provide it.
  - [ ] Document any required or recommended upgrades to our other products (eg: cht-conf, cht-gateway, cht-android).

> - [ ] Before careting the relaase, run the [helm chart build script](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/scripts/build/helm/package-chart.sh) (eg `./package-chart.sh 5.3.0`), commit the new chart and merge the PR so it will be in the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Before creating the release, run the [helm chart build script](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/scripts/build/helm/package-chart.sh) (eg `./package-chart.sh 5.3.0`), commit the new chart and merge the PR so it will be in the release.
```

  - [ ] Ensure that the release notes PR is merged before moving to next step.
- [ ] Create a [new release](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/releases/new) in GitHub, with the naming convention `<major>.<minor>.<patch>`, from the release branch created above as the target branch. Click on the "Choose a tag" dropdown and create a tag for the release with the naming convention `<major>.<minor>.<patch>`. Add a link to the release notes in the description of the release.
- [ ] Once you publish the release, confirm the release build completes successfully and the new release is available on the [market](https://staging.dev.medicmobile.org/_couch/builds_4/_design/builds/_view/releases). Make sure that the document has new entry with `id: medic:medic:<major>.<minor>.<patch>`

> - [ ] Run the [helm chart build script](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/scripts/build/helm/package-chart.sh) (eg `./package-chart.sh 5.3.0`), commit the new chart and merge the PR so it will be in the release.

Reviewer: This step happens after the tag is created, but the Pages deploy triggers on the tag push and publishes the tag's snapshot - so the new chart will never be in the deploy it was meant for. Move this step before the 'Create a new release' step.

Same applies to other release md if they have.

Author: oh - dude!  Good catch - that woulda sucked.  Fixed this and other `.md` in 5e4dfc9ff.  Thanks!
